Add batch daml example as a code snippet (#770)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.1/docs/canton/usermanual/performance.rst

Just putting all Daml commands into a single batch command does not help, as you might still create lots of views.

Currently, Canton creates a view for every action node in the transaction tree if the
**participants that host their informees are not a subset of their parent view's informee participants**.
A view's informee participants are all the participants that must be informed about the view.
Therefore, to reduce the number of views, you should try to reduce either the number of times the set of informees grows
or make sure most of your actions share the same pool of participants that must be informed. Alternatively, you can
add informees to the action nodes close to the root (e.g., by including choice observers) so that their children nodes

> are aggregated in the initial view, since these children nodes will only target a subset of those participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are aggregated in the initial view, since these children nodes target only a subset of those participants.
```

One concrete way to reduce the number of views being generated by a Daml model is to write batch commands and group the
operations on the ledger based on their informees' participants and create a single choice and batch operations per
informee's participants group.

You can also reduce the number of views being generated for the children of a node (i.e., parent-child views) when
creating your Daml model.
With the below example as reference, instead of sending a batch with 20 exercise commands `Foo`,
you can group your contracts by a set of stakeholders that cover the exercise's informee participants and send
one exercise command on a generator contract with the list of contracts that in turn exercises the Foo choice
per stakeholder group. This way you can perform these operations in a single view, instead of having them spawn multiple
different views.

For example, if the `doUpdate` bellow is called from a choice visible to the `owner` party alone, then whether the `efficient`
flag is set or not will have a huge impact on the number of views created.

> In the choice `Foo` of the `Example` contract even though the participants to be informed are a subset of the
> contract's informee participants they don't get merged into a single view if this choice is called independently each time,
> since they produce multiple root actions each belonging to their own view. Finally, aligning the choice observer of `Run`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the choice `Foo` of the `Example` contract, even though the participants to be informed are a subset of the
contract's informee participants they are not merged into a single view if this choice is called independently each time,
since they produce multiple root actions each belonging to their own view. Finally, aligning the choice observer of `Run`
```
"their own view" is a little ambiguous here, on a quick scan it isn't clear if "they" refers to the informee participants (the previous 'they' of the sentence) or the root actions.
